McDonald's simulator but also party horror game where whenever you go to the walk in to grab ingredients you encounter wacky creatures. They also spawn when you go to the bathrooms to clean them or out back when you take out the trash, or out back when you're unloading the truck in the middle of a busy shift, when you're washing dishes, basically anytime you're alone when you're working in a fast food restaurant. Sometimes your character spawns in with a nicotine addiction so you have to have smoke breaks or vape in the kitchen regularly or you get a speed debuff. You also might spawn in with glasses and your vision gets foggy if you're playing back of house for too long or if you go to the walk-in. You might spawn in as hot and generally have an easier time dealing with customers and get a chance to get tips if you play front of house but you're also more likely to get people hitting on you which makes the taking orders minigame harder and occasionally they wait for you outside the restaurant and kidnap you when you try to take out the trash or unload the truck. One of you is randomly assigned manager and has to calm down angry customers every once in a while, you also have a taser you can tase people with. Skill progression where the more you do the silly minigame associated with a task the more abilities you unlock in that minigame to get the job done better. Also one of those games where the controls are deliberately scuffed and you have a hard time moving items without hitting everything between point a and b, including other players, for comedic effect. If you get bonked during a minigame the timer for your task gets longer, else it just stuns you for a sec. Chance for the store to get robbed at gunpoint if you make a lot of money 3 days in a row. Your goal is: Your location is on the verge of getting shut down. So the region supervisor brought in an all new team made of all-star employees from every store in the region to give it one last go. Make it through the week and make $10,000 (scale it for difficulty levels) to save your store or you all lost your jobs and become homeless. There's also upgrades you can buy for your store and at the end of the day you order stock for the next day and the truck arrives in the busiest part of the shift every fucking time. You can call the security truck that takes the cash twice during the week to lock it in towards the $10k goal but then you have less money towards upgrades. Rare chance for someone to spawn in as the imposter on top of another trait, who's a plant for your biggest rival. They want you to fail your goal so your rival restaurant has a monopoly of fast food burgers on that block. So everyone would lose, except for them. The manager can fire employees at any time. The supply truck leaves if no one goes to unload it in time and you don't get a refund or your supplies from that order. Another trait, single parent: your kid hangs around in the dining area all day on their phone and comes to the register to come ask you for things. Every employee is required to have at least 1 meal break and 1 bathroom break, if you don't, you get debuffs and an infraction, and too many infractions gets you guys shut down too. You have a total of 5 infractions (tunable for difficulty) before you get shut down. You cannot take a smoke break during a meal break