---
modified: 2025-05-04
created: 2025-05-03
---
For my VR experience, I’m choosing a farming game, mainly because I absolutely love the genre and am super curious on how the experience and gameplay loop could translate to VR. For the purposes of this paper, let’s call it Farm VR.

Like any farming game, the primary audience for Farm VR is teenage girls and young adult women. We’re going to do a twist on the genre, though, and have the player be the chief botanist in a fledgling space colony. They have some preprepared food but are going to need to grow and cook food to stay alive and grow the colony. The seedlings they brought aren’t suited for the land, so in addition to regular farming and cooking, players will have to breed seedlings together and do gene modification minigames to enhance their crops. Upon reaching milestones in the game, including waking up enough colonists or certain colonists, players can have robots do much of the tedious work of farming or gene editing or cooking, so they can focus on the parts of the core gameplay loop that they enjoy the most.

For the immersion benefits including depth perception and haptic feedback, I’m choosing a headset-based experience with motion controllers for Farm VR. Buttons on the controllers will be used for navigating menus, while motion, the controller’s triggers, and hand shape sensing will be used for interacting with elements in the game world. Players will physically have to crouch down to plant, weed, and harvest their crops, and move their arms to hoe their land and water their crops. Each crop type will have a small repetitive task associated with each of its steps, like digging out potato tubers from the ground, to lull the player into tranquility and a state of flow. The goal is to achieve one of those mindless pass-the-time and relax games like Cookie Clicker but in VR.

To maintain game progression, doing these actions will level up the player’s in game skills and give them special abilities that make the tedious task take less time and become easier to complete, like setting up sprinklers, or making potato stems less likely to break so they spend less time digging for tubers and more time simply pulling them out. I’m taking heavy inspiration from Sakuna: Of Rice and Ruin for this one, which has rice-farming gameplay so detailed that Japan’s Ministry of Agriculture guide on growing rice is legitimately one of the most-cited sources on how to get better at the game.

No in-game energy bar will be needed, as constantly bending over to tend to their crops and moving their arms to water them and use large tools will use the player’s real-life stamina, and once their back gets tired, it will encourage them to move on to other aspects of the game like cooking or gene splicing.

As a pretty dang unique entry in the farming game genre, I imagine most in the target demographic will enjoy the breath of fresh air, even if there were no social or dating features in the game, though with the incremental growth of your colony by picking which colonists in cryosleep that you want to awaken, there are likely to be few NPCs, but deep ones players can form relationships with. Perhaps on the eve of year two, the computer “glitches out” and awakens another copy of the player from cryosleep, revealing that all the weird pre-set-up colony things the player attributed to videogames being videogames were actually former failed colonies that other versions of you attempted to create. Now the player and their colony have to deal with the moral dilemma of what to do about the clone, and if the player is in a romantic relationship with one of the colonists, well… things just got complicated now, didn’t they?

With the colonists and the clone, especially in a VR game, the goal is get the player attached and heavily invested in their personalities and character arcs, as well as their colony’s community as a whole. Studies have shown that VR can elicit empathy particularly well, so it’s the perfect medium for a game like this.

All-in-all, I’m loving this concept and I’m the one who made it. I imagine the impact it’ll have on farming gamers would be huge, as many farming games are set in the modern day or in fantasy settings, not really sci-fi, and the excuses for why the player is starting a farm are usually flimsy at best. VR gamers would likely enjoy the game as well, with it being a full-body test of mobility and stamina they complete at their own pace. A relaxing experience with calming repetitive tasks, that also happens to have a wild story.
